##### Introduction 

This Bachelors Thesis deals with propagation methods, which are derived
form the theories of random walk and stochastic matrices and tries to
propose a solution to the problem of 'Partially labeled classification'
[Jaakola/Szummer] 
in the context of protein function prection.

We should perhaps begin with an explanation of what type of real world
data we start with and what we want to do with it. A PPI Network is a
bidirectional graph where the vertices represent proteins and edges
represent an 'interaction' between two proteins [Deng] inside the cells
of a particular organism. In the PPI network some of the proteins may be
well researched so we know in which preocesses they participate. In this
case they are given labels which designate their various functions.
Other proteins may be unresearched and their function is unknown.
However it is scientifically observed that proteins that share the same
function tend to form a type closely connected 'community' so the many
paths which connect the members of that gourp
appear to be with high likelihood not random.

Now when we talk about community structure and clustering in graphs, we mean to find a
natural type of clustering or community structrue or lack there of
within a connected graph. For example see [Newman...]. But still these
methods can be useful for the purpose of label prediction in a partially
classified network. The reason is that, in our case, with proteins, it
is generally believed as we say that proteins of the same function do
tend to cluster together.

In our cases we have a graph (PPI) but we also have the partial
labelling of its vertices. This presents some constraints. We don't have
controll on the labels. It might be that vertices of the same label
wouldn't belong to the same community if we go by the Newman modularity
algorithm for example, or that there are more/less labels than the
natural communities in the graph etc. But 
we can still use methods of graph clustering/community structure to try
and apply in this situation.




